# Description

TAs for CS101 are preparing homework questions for students. There will be $n$ questions based on $n$ learning points. These questions are assigned to $n$ TAs, and each TA is responsible for exactly one question. After $n$ questions are given, the teacher will randomly pick $k$ consecutive problems and put them into the homework. For instance, if $n = 5$ and $k = 3$, then the homework may contain questions $[1,2,3]$, $[2,3,4]$, or $[3,4,5]$, but won't contain questions $[1, 2, 5]$. Every valid composition of the homework is equally possible.

The learning point of each question has a difficulty factor $a_i$, and each TA has a skill level $b_j$. If the $i^{th}$ question is given by the $j^{th}$ TA, then the difficulty of this question will be $a_i*b_j$. The difficulty of a piece of homework is the sum of the difficulties of all $k$ questions in the homework.

Your task is to find out a $n$-permutation $p=[p_1, p_2, ..., p_n]$, which indicates that the $i^{th}$ question is given by the $p_i^{th}$ TA, to minimize the expected difficulty of the homework. If the expectation is $E$, you are supposed to output $E*(n-k+1)$, which is an integer.

# Format

## Input
The input contains 3 lines.

The first line contains 2 integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le k \le n \le 2*10^5$).

The second line contains $n$ integers, $a_1...a_n$.

The third line contains $n$ integers, $b_1...b_n$.

It is ensured that $1\le a_i,b_i\le 10^4.$

## Output
The output contains 1 integer, $E*(n-k+1)$.

# Samples

```input1
4 2
3 2 4 1
1 2 3 4
```

```output1
29
```

```input2
10 2
5 8 3 8 3 1 3 4 7 4
4 4 6 7 3 1 7 7 9 2
```

```output2
305
```

# Hints & Sample Explanation

For the first sample, the optimal permutation is [3, 2, 1, 4].

- The difficulty of question 1 is $3*3=9$.
- The difficulty of question 2 is $2*2=4$.
- The difficulty of question 3 is $4*1=4$.
- The difficulty of question 4 is $1*4=4$.

There are 3 possibilities for the homework:

- Questions $[1, 2]$, difficulty: $9+4=13$
- Questions $[2, 3]$, difficulty: $4+4=8$
- Questions $[3, 4]$, difficulty: $4+4=8$

Therefore, the answer is $13+8+8=29$.

| Test cases | Special constraints   |
| ---------- | --------------------- |
| 1~2        | $n \le 10$            |
| 3~5        | $n \le 5*10^5, k=1$   |
| 6~10       | No special constrains |
