# StarCraft

Template: [`template.cpp`](file://template.cpp).

## Description

As the captain of a spaceship, you are embarking on an exploration mission to several planets. Before you set off, you must manage the equipment you will take with you. Each type of equipment has an carriage limit $l$, weight $w$ and ability value $v$, and your spaceship has a maximum carrying capacity $W$. The planets have different requirements for the equipment you can bring, so you must plan accordingly to maximize the total ability value of the equipment you take.

Here are the specific requirements for each mission:

### Mission 1:

You are going to a normal planet, which allows you to bring **any integer unit** of equipment for each type, as long as within your spaceship's capacity.

### Mission 2:

You are going to a small planet. The equipment available is relatively low in value, which requires you to bring **zero or one unit** of equipment for each type.

### Mission 3:

You are going to a gas giant planet which only permits the transportation of liquid tanks. Since liquids can be divided, you can bring **any fractional unit** of liquid, unlike Mission1 and Mission2 which requires integer unit.

## Input Format

The first line contains three integers: the index $k$ of the mission$(1-3)$, the number of types of equipment $n$, the capacity of the spaceship $W$:

The format of every mission is the same:

The input will have $n$ other lines, where each line contains three integers $l,w,v$, where $l$ indicates you can take out $l$ pieces of this type of equipment at most (special case: $l=-1$ means unlimited), $w$ is the weight of this type and $v$ is the ability value per unit of this type.

Note that: In $3rd$ mission, $w|v$.

## Output Format

A single line containing the answer to the corresponding mission.

## Sample Input&Output

```input1
1 4 10
-1 2 1
-1 3 5
-1 5 2
-1 7 4
```

```output1
15
```

```input2
2 4 10
1 2 1
1 3 5
1 5 2
1 7 4
```

```output2
9
```

```input3
3 4 10
1 2 8
2 3 9
3 5 10
-1 7 7
```

```output3
30
```

[starcraft_sample1.in](file://starcraft_sample1.in)

[starcraft_sample1.out](file://starcraft_sample1.out)

[starcraft_sample2.in](file://starcraft_sample2.in)

[starcraft_sample2.out](file://starcraft_sample2.out)

[starcraft_sample3.in](file://starcraft_sample3.in)

[starcraft_sample3.out](file://starcraft_sample3.out)

[starcraft_sample4.in](file://starcraft_sample4.in)

[starcraft_sample4.out](file://starcraft_sample4.out)

[starcraft_sample5.in](file://starcraft_sample5.in)

[starcraft_sample5.out](file://starcraft_sample5.out)

[starcraft_sample6.in](file://starcraft_sample6.in)

[starcraft_sample6.out](file://starcraft_sample6.out)

## Data Constraints

$1\le n,W,w,v\le 5000$

$1\le l\le 5000$ or $l=-1$

| Subtask | Points | Special Constraints |
| ------- | ------ | ------------------- |
| 1       | 30     | $k=1,l=-1$          |
| 2       | 40     | $k=2,l=1$           |
| 3       | 30     | $k=3,w\mid v$     
