# Hint & Warning

You are required to **implement a linked-list or queue data stucture yourself** in this problem.

Using containers like `std::list`, `std::forward_list`, `std::queue` and `std::deque` in C++ libraries is **NOT** allowed! We will manually review your latest submission on OJ later, and you will be deducted 50% points if you do so.

If you are unfamiliar with implementing linked-list yourself, you are allowed to use a container like `std::list` at first, and then substitute it with your own implemented class.

You can use other STL utilities such as `std::vector` and `std::sort`.

# Description
In a colorful town, there is a circle of $n$ candy jars.

One day, $n * m$ children come to the candy circle, and each child is holding one piece of candy. But among these $n$ jars, one special jar can only be filled with a special type of candy. Out of the $n * m$ children, $m$ of them are holding this special candy.

The children line up in a queue to start placing their candy into the jars. The first child in line drops their candy into the current jar and then leaves the circle. Then, the first child in line move to the back of the queue, which repeats $p$ times. After such $p$ moves, the next jar in the clockwise direction becomes the current jar. This process continues until all the children have left.

Initially, the jar right after the special one in the clockwise direction is set as the current jar.

The goal is to make sure that all the special candies end up in the special jar.

In which positions should the $m$ children holding the special candy stand in the initial line to achieve this goal?

# Format

## Input
The input contains one line with three positive integers: $n$, $m$, and $p$, as described above.

It is ensured that $n \times m \le 10^6, p \le 10$.

## Output
Output one line with $m$ integers, representing the positions of the children with special candy, in ascending order.

# Samples
## Sample Input
```input
3 3 2
```

## Sample Output
```output
3 7 8
```

## Sample Explanation
Current jar: $1$, children: $123456789$, $1$ leave, $23$ move to the back

Current jar: $2$, children: $45678923$, $4$ leave, $56$ move to the back

Special jar: $3$, children: $7892356$, $\underline 7$ leave, $89$ move to the back

Current jar: $1$, children: $235689$, $2$ leave, $35$ move to the back

Current jar: $2$, children: $68935$, $6$ leave, $89$ move to the back

Special jar: $3$, children: $3589$, $\underline 3$ leave, $58$ move to the back

Current jar: $1$, children: $958$, $9$ leave, $58$ move to the back

Current jar: $2$, children: $58$, $5$ leave, $88$ move to the back

Special jar: $3$, children: $8$, $\underline 8$ leave

# OJ Compile Directive

```shellscript=
g++ foo.cc -o foo -std=c++20 -Wall -Wpedantic -Wextra -Werror -DONLINE_JUDGE -fmax-errors=3 -fdiagnostics-color=always -fsanitize=undefined -fsanitize=address -O2
```
