## Description

Acacia is trying to make a game and yet she has almost finished it. The last step is to deploy the game to a server to test whether it can work.

The flow of a test looks like this:
At first, the server starts up, after the server has been started, players are enabled to login the clients to start playing. During their playing, their clients will send commands to the server.

The game is a Pokémon-like game which allows players to catch monsters and summon them. To simplify the workflow and your calculation, there is only 2 kinds of commands: log in and log out.

Whenever a player logged in, he will summon some monsters. And whenever a player logged out, he will retake the monsters he summoned.

**Acacia has a special deal with the game that she requires every player log out in the order they logged in i.e. if Alice logged in the game earlier than Bob, then she should log out earlier than Bob.**

Acacia finds it easy for server to crash and receives many complaints about it. So she asks you to count the maximum number of kind of monsters outside, during the online time of every player.

Remember, the server should obey the physical laws: If someone sends a command without logging in, ignore it. And whenever someone logged out, his/her monsters will all be retaken.

## Input format

The first line contains one number $n(1\leq n \leq 10^5)$, which indicates the number of players. 

In the next $2n$ lines (log in $n$ and log out $n$ lines), every line contains an action received by the server. First comes a number $k_i$ indicates the action label: $1/2$ indicates logging in/out.

If $k_i=1$, then it gives out $c_i$, which means the number of monsters involved. Then the next $c_i$ numbers $x_{i,j}(1\leq x_{i,j}\leq 4\times10^5)$ indicates the kind of $j$-th monster of $i$-th player. ($\sum_{i}^{[k_i=1]}{c_i} \leq 10^6$).

If $k_i=2$, the line ends.

The ID of $i$-th one logging in is $i$.

## Output format

The answer contains $n$ numbers. $i$-th number $ans_i$ indicates the maximum number of kind of monsters outside.

# Samples
## Sample Input
```input
6
1 5 1 2 3 4 5
1 1 6
1 2 7 8
2
1 5 1 2 6 7 8
2
2
1 5 1 2 6 7 8
2
1 5 3 4 5 9 10
2
2
```

## Sample Output
```output
8
8
8
5
10
10
```

## Hint

Acacia tells you that queue is suitable for the problem. Say thanks to Acacia.


# OJ Compile Directive

```shellscript
g++ foo.cc -o foo -std=c++20 -Wall -Wpedantic -Wextra -Werror -DONLINE_JUDGE -fmax-errors=3 -fdiagnostics-color=always
```