# Description
You are given $n$ points on a 2D plane. The coordinates of the points are non-negative, and no two points share the same x-coordinate or the same y-coordinate.

Your task is to count how many rectangles can be formed that satisfy the following conditions:

1. The bottom-left and top-right corners of the rectangle must be two of the given points.

2. There are no other points inside the rectangle.

# Format

## Input
The first line contains a single positive integers $n$, indicates the number of points.

following $n$ lines, every line contains two integers $x_i, y_i$, the coordinates of every point. $\forall i, j, x_i \neq x_j, y_i \neq y_j$.

## Output
One number, the answer.

# Samples

```input1
4
0 0
2 2
3 4
4 3
```

```output1
3
```

# Limitation

For all testcase, $1 \le n \le 2 \times 10^5, 0 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^9, \forall i, j, x_i \neq x_j, y_i \neq y_j$.

# Hints

Consider ordering all points by $x$, fixing one point as the bottom-left point, Then you can calculate the result using the Monotonic Stack (see piazza). With this $\Theta(n^2)$ solution, you can get 30 points.

Furthermore, you could consider how to make it faster: using divide and conquer. Within each divide-and-conquer interval, take the points in the left interval as the bottom-left points and the points in the right interval as the upper-right points. With this $\Theta(n \log^2 n)$ or even $\Theta(n \log n)$ solution you will get full points.

# OJ Compile Directive

```shellscript
g++ foo.cc -o foo -std=c++20 -Wall -Wpedantic -Wextra -Werror -DONLINE_JUDGE -fmax-errors=3 -fdiagnostics-color=always
```